README.md, before:

# RIA Handbook

## Contribution guidelines
Contribute via pull requests.

## Writing guidelines
Be aware of this when writing for the RIA Handbook.

### Tone and content

- Be conversational and friendly without being frivolous.
- Don't pre-announce anything in documentation.
- Use descriptive link text.
- Write accessibly.
- Write for a global audience.

### Language and grammar

Use second person: "you" rather than "we."

- Use active voice; make clear who's performing the action.
- Use standard American spelling and punctuation.
- Put conditional clauses before instructions, not after.
- For usage and spelling of specific words, see the word list.

### Formatting, punctuation, and organization

Use sentence case for document titles and section headings.

- Use numbered lists for sequences.
- Use bulleted lists for most other lists.
- Use description lists for pairs of related pieces of data.
- Use serial commas.
- Put code-related text in code font.
- Put UI elements in bold.
- Use unambiguous date formatting.

### Images

- Use SVG files or crushed PNG images.
- Provide alt text.
- Provide high-resolution images when practical.

Commit message:

Added skeleton contents and table of contents

README.md, after:

# RIA Handbook

## Planned contents

- Docker
- Cloud
- Rules and regulations (UU, GDPR, ethics)
- Browser vs server
- Analyzing thirdparty libraries

## Contribution guidelines

1. Contribute via pull requests.
2. This is public information. Do not include passwords and such.

### Writing guidelines
Be aware of this when writing for the RIA Handbook.

#### Tone and content

- Be conversational and friendly without being frivolous.
- Don't pre-announce anything in documentation.
- Use descriptive link text.
- Write accessibly.
- Write for a global audience.

#### Language and grammar

Use second person: "you" rather than "we."

- Use active voice; make clear who's performing the action.
- Use standard American spelling and punctuation.
- Put conditional clauses before instructions, not after.
- For usage and spelling of specific words, see the word list.

#### Formatting, punctuation, and organization

Use sentence case for document titles and section headings.

- Use numbered lists for sequences.
- Use bulleted lists for most other lists.
- Use description lists for pairs of related pieces of data.
- Use serial commas.
- Put code-related text in code font.
- Put UI elements in bold.
- Use unambiguous date formatting.

#### Images

- Use SVG files or crushed PNG images.
- Provide alt text.
- Provide high-resolution images when practical.
